feat: multi-architecture support for bentoml docker images (#2336)
bentoml/BentoML: docker/generated/bento-server/README.md

<!-- P/S: even this file is autogenerated :happy: -->

# Unified Model Serving Framework  [![Tweet](https://img.shields.io/twitter/url/http/shields.io.svg?style=social)](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=BentoML:%20The%20Unified%20Model%20Serving%20Framework%20&url=https://github.com/bentoml&via=bentomlai&hashtags=mlops,bentoml)

BentoML is an open platform that simplifies ML model deployment and enables you to serve your models at production scale in minutes

> 👉 [Pop into our Slack community!](https://l.linklyhq.com/l/ktOu) We're happy to help with any issue you face or even just to meet you and hear what you're working on :)

Reviewer: can you confirm with Tim about the link to use here?

Author: @timliubentoml can you confirm that the link we use is correct?

   │             │                └─> formatted <dist><dist_version>, e.g: ami2, debian, ubi7
   │             └─> Supported Python version: python3.7 | python3.8 | python3.9
   └─>  Release type: devel or official BentoML release (e.g: 1.0.0)
```

Example image tags:
- `bento-server:devel-python3.7-debian`
- `bento-server:1.0.0-python3.8-ubi8-cudnn`
- `bento-server:1.0.0-python3.7-ami2-runtime`

## NOTICE: MISSING PYTHON VERSION ON UBI

Python 3.7 and 3.10 is missing. The reason being RedHat doesn't provide support for these Python version.
If you need to use UBI and Python 3.7 make sure to contact the BentoML team for supports..

## NOTICE: CONDA AVAILABILITY ONLY ON DEBIAN

From 1.0.0a7 onwards, BentoML will only provide conda supports with debian variants only.

We ran into a lot of trouble building BentoML to supports Python from 3.6 to 3.10 with conda environment on other distros than debian. In order to reduce 
complexity we will now only provides conda on Debian-based image. Conda will be available with all of BentoML image type, including `runtime`, `devel`, `cudnn`. 

> If you need to use conda on other distros contact the BentoML team for supports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to use conda on other distros, you may build and use your own custom docker base image with BentoML.
```
